[PR-14864] Update Magento Integration docs (#236)
talkable/talkable-docs: source/integration/magento/magento1.rst

A `Magento Talkable extension`_ is available for easy
integration. The extension currently supports Magento versions 1.5+

1. Since Magento 1 reached EOL and Magento 1 extensions were removed from the

>    Magento Marketplace, you only have ability to download them manually via SSH / FTP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Magento Marketplace, you’re only able to download them manually via SSH / FTP.
```

A `Magento Talkable extension`_ is available for easy
integration. The extension currently supports Magento versions 1.5+

1. Since Magento 1 reached EOL and Magento 1 extensions were removed from the
   Magento Marketplace, you’re only able to download them manually via SSH / FTP.

2. After the extension has been installed, you must enable the extension and set
   your Talkable Site ID. Click the **Return to Admin** link and navigate to
   **System** → **Configuration**:

>    .. image:: /_static/img/magento/magento-flow-1.jpg

Reviewer: Again
> Please rename files to match the updated numbers in steps.
